Android based dynamic platform where students have access to all academic contents provided with best tutorials consists of competitive as well as academics class-wise and subject-wise. Most of the students are willing to give their time to study but some of them have lack of resources ,which is an obstacle in their learning path and also they want the sources which can provide them free education as most of them are not in a condition to pay much for online material. Parents are also worried about their children’s future .This is the golden opportunity for the students go study and get ahead in the race. Utilizing the time that the students save while learning at home , they can use this time to upskill themselves in various fields. Digital education can be accessible on clicks and to make that happen for free. Almost everyone who is keen to study will obviously be waiting for a platform like this to be made accessible soon. So we thought of something that can be done in order to cope up with this problem and what can be an easy solution to the problem that many of the learners are facing. The basic idea is to provide a free platform to learners who are keen to learn and provide them the resources that they need. Our platform will provide them with the resources so as to ease their problem, study and focus on their goal even in this time of the global pandemic. We will be providing them with the E-books , NCERTs, course study material, paper banks, competitive competition notes , board paper solutions and various other materials that can be easily downloaded by them whenever they need it. They can choose whatever books they wants, that they can find very easily on our platform free of cost.
